The construction project of the cost reservoir was contracted by my family
What's the matter, I also heard from a friend.
The engineering project of the cost reservoir is seriously intact
The reinforced concrete used is all inferior materials
If Liu Shao has a back door
You'd better invite yourself to play in front of you
What do you mean by that?
There is no way my dad would do such a thing.
My family is a bit related
But my dad never noticed
Over the years, it has accumulated credibility bit by bit
rags to riches
Mr. Ye, I have been a good friend of Mr. Liu for many years
He would never do such a disreputable thing.
Is this a mistake?
Liu Lao really can't do such a thing
But I know the purchase.
Nonsense
The company is responsible for purchasing from my uncle.
As you say
My uncle can still harm us
Is it Mr. Xu?
I have something else to do
I'll go first
Hey
Hey, how did it become like this?
Look at Mr. Ye
You just said
Durian's family contracted the Chengbei Reservoir
The factory's problem is real